some 100 a psalm of thanksgiving make a
some 100 a psalm of thanksgiving make a joyful shout to the Lord all you lands
joyful shout to the Lord all you lands
joyful shout to the Lord all you lands serve the Lord with gladness come before
serve the Lord with gladness come before
serve the Lord with gladness come before his presence with singing know that the
his presence with singing know that the
his presence with singing know that the Lord he is God it is he who has made us
Lord he is God it is he who has made us
Lord he is God it is he who has made us and not we ourselves we are his people
and not we ourselves we are his people
and not we ourselves we are his people and the Sheep of his pasture enter into
and the Sheep of his pasture enter into
and the Sheep of his pasture enter into his gates with Thanksgiving and into his
his gates with Thanksgiving and into his
his gates with Thanksgiving and into his courts with praise be thankful to him
courts with praise be thankful to him
courts with praise be thankful to him and bless his name for the Lord is good
and bless his name for the Lord is good
and bless his name for the Lord is good his mercy is everlasting and his truth
his mercy is everlasting and his truth
his mercy is everlasting and his truth endures to all generations
endures to all generations
endures to all generations [Music]